hi everyone so I thought I would do a
quick outfit of the day using some of
the clothes that i recently bought from
Topshop i will link that whole video in
the information bar below um before I
change scenery and move out so you can
see my full outfit I just wanted to just
quickly discuss what I'm wearing this
dress is from Topshop as as would be
expected and and it is kind of mean of a
stretchy material with polka dots and
then three-quarter sleeves and a very
high neck which I really like and then
I've put it with my gold filigree
necklace from older which I also
featured in a whole video a little while
back and I can also link that down below
yeah so I'm going to get back to you the
rest of us so this is the full outfit
before I add the rest of the accessories
and as you can see the dress is about to
midthigh level it's got polka dots on it
stretchy and it's quite high waisted as
well I've paired it with some Navy
stockings and I don't think I was
working for wear without any leggings of
stockings and leave it and the sleeves
are just kind of below my elbow and then
I would probably wear this with a coach
this is the one that I also got a book
from Topshop which is in my home video
as well and this is a three-quarter
length kind of three quarter sleeve
length and my history for a body length
to wolf wall kind of cooked I really
like the little collar at the top and
the unique thing about this is that the
streams are really short so I hope my
wrists and my forearms don't get too
cold but I guess I wouldn't be wearing
this when it's really really cold anyway
and then I've also dissipated with my
Kate Spade handbag which i recently
bought women for hammock for a long time
so I searched for very long time try
find this bag it is amazing
as you would expect from his beans my
first kate spade bag it's kind of an all
subscribers like a nylon fabric I think
it's quite um party I debated getting a
leather bag but when it rains and snows
the later gets so damaged so this won't
be as affected by the weather and the
little door saw the studs at the bottom
over there and for lots of space and I
think it looks really cute a lot of up
then on my feet hopefully you can see
this um the issues are actually very old
I bought them a long time ago from a
shop in South Africa called Woolworths
it's big chain saw if you've ever been
to South Africa you'll know about it if
you live there and they are like wedge
heels i guess with a little pink up pink
little red bow and navy navy navy
material with white stripes i guess and
what is a very similar store to mark
some spaces in the UK if you familiar
with the UK brand identifying a
Woolworths equivalent in the States ah
one day maybe I'll find one so that was
the outfit of the day I hope you get to
the completed outfit I don't really have
enough space in my apartment to go all
the way back to show you the whole thing
at once but I will get there and I moved
to New York properly so i hope you guys
are having a great day and I will see
you all soon bye